\"
\" Copyright (c) 2019, Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.
\" DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS FILE HEADER.
\"
\" This code is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
\" under the terms of the GNU General Public License version 2 only, as
\" published by the Free Software Foundation.
\"
\" This code is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT
\" ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or
\" FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License
\" version 2 for more details (a copy is included in the LICENSE file that
\" accompanied this code).
\"
\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License version
\" 2 along with this work; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation,
\" Inc., 51 Franklin St, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA.
\"
\" Please contact Oracle, 500 Oracle Parkway, Redwood Shores, CA 94065 USA
\" or visit www.oracle.com if you need additional information or have any
\" questions.
\"
.TH GIT-WEBREV 1
.SH NAME
git-webrev \- render a HTML view of changes
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fIgit webrev\fR [options]
.SH DESCRIPTION
Render a HTML view of the changes between two commits.
.PP
.TP
\fIgit webrev\fR 
Creates a webrev with changes between the last two commits, and puts the resoult in a directory named 'webrev'
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
-r, --rev=\fIREV\fR
Compare against a specified revision, 
.PP
.TP
-o, --output=\fIDIR\fR
Output webrev to DIR. Defaults to 'webrev'.
.PP
.TP
-u, --username=\fINAME\fR
Use that username instead of 'guessing' one
.PP
.TP
    --repository=\fIURL\fR
The upstream repository for this local repository. Defaults to the 'origin' (or 'default') URL.
.PP
.TP
-t, --title=\fITITLE\fR
The title of the webrev. Defaults to the basename of the current working directory.
.PP
.TP
-c, --cr=\fICR\fR
Include link to CR (aka bugid) in the main page
.PP
.TP
-b,
Do not ignore changes in whitespace (always true)
.PP
.TP
-m, --mercurial
Deprecated: force use of mercurial
.PP
.TP
-C, --no-comments
Don't show comments
.PP
.TP
-N, --no-outgoing
Do not compare against remote, use only 'status'
.PP
.TP
-v, --version
Print the version of this tool
.PP
.TP
-h, --help
Show help text
.PP
.SH SEE ALSO
\fBgit-diff\fR(1)
